The entire Jinling
It should be just me.
Only then do we know how to use the method of fighting poison with poison to explain
Thank you
How could you be an ignorant young master?
Come on.
I still need you to help me regardless of the past
Outsiders
It is rumored that the elf boy is just an ignorant
Only know the old man
And those on the outside are really blind
That's how
Young Marshal, I don't deserve you
Your elf prince gets along with so many women
Of course you deserve it.
Syl, I woke up.
Don't prick it, it hurts too much
Sorry, sorry.
East and West Aunt Zhang Xiaoshan
It's okay, thanks to Brother Su
Otherwise Susu will be in danger
Thank you, Mr. Su
If you have anything in the future, please tell me.
Never retreat
Thank you, Mr. Su
You're welcome.
No effort at all.
Su Shao is really capable
I really don't have the ability to be so humble
It's really rare
You troublemaker, get out of here